Update dependencies, fix flaky GH Actions Cypress test (#264)
concord-consortium/tectonic-explorer: README.md

due to light friction.

### Cypress tests

Note that this project heavily depend on GPU/WebGL what makes Cypress tests a bit tricky.
TravisCI doesn't provide an access to GPU. That's why there is a separate NPM script `test:cypress:travis` which skips GPU-dependant tests.

While working locally on new features, you can use regular `npm run test:cypress`.
There's also special special `npm run test:cypress:snapshots` script that runs only snapshot-based tests
and doesn't stop if image diffing fails for one of them.

Note that screenshot-based tests should be run using Electron. You can also run these tests in the interactive Cypress
mode in headed Chrome using special NPM script (`npm run test:cypress:open-with-snapshots`). It enforces device pixel
ratio equal to 1, so snapshots have correct dimensions even if you use HDPI display. Also, Cypress and Chrome have some
issues related to snapshots, for example you need to make sure that the test browser size is bigger than expected
snapshot size (1400x1000px). Using dedicated script and Electron lets us avoid these problems.

#### Github CI

> Basic Cypress tests are ran using the GH Actions (see .github/ci.yml). These tests used to be very flaky, often

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basic Cypress tests are run using GH Actions (see .github/ci.yml). These tests used to be very flaky, often
```

getting stuck in random moments, and being eventually killed by the CI. No error or useful logs were available.

Investigation showed that it can be related to the memory usage and the best workaround was to limit model quality.
It can be done by setting `&divisions=15` URL parameter (default value is 32). It sets number of geodesic grid / sphere divisions.

> Larger value produce more precise simulation grid, but also greatly increase memory consumption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Larger values produce more precise simulation grid, but also greatly increase memory consumption.
```
